express
pug
mysql
cookie
https
js-sha256
certifi>=2024.7.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
cryptography>=42.0.8 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
django>=4.2.15 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
future>=0.18.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
gunicorn>=22.0.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
idna>=3.7 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
ipython>=8.10.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jinja2>=3.1.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jupyter-core>=4.11.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
nbconvert>=6.3.0b0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
nltk>=3.8.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
numpy>=1.22.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pillow>=10.3.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pygments>=2.15.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pyopenssl>=17.5.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
python-levenshtein>=0.12.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
requests>=2.32.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
scipy>=1.10.0rc1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
setuptools>=70.0.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
sqlparse>=0.5.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
tornado>=6.4.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
zipp>=3.19.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability